Moderator  : Okay. So I've started the recording. So just to confirm, like we chatted about, are you comfortable? If I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P5: Yes, I am.
Moderator  : Okay?
Moderator  : And are you comfortable if we decide to use a recorded clip from our discussion today to share with other Va partners or remove any identifying information.
P5: Yes, that'd be okay.
Moderator  : Okay.
Moderator  : thank you very much getting through that little intro piece. So now we can kind of dive right in what we were here for today.
Moderator  : So before we look at the caregiver program form online, we're going to start with a few warm-up questions about your caregiver application experience.
Moderator  : Have you ever applied for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers before. Yeah.
P5: No, I have not.
Moderator  : Okay.
Moderator  : have you heard of this program?
P5: Yes, yes, if if it's it's money that would be dispersed, I guess, to me, because I take care of my spouse, which he was a veteran, and he's 65, gonna be 66. But it's extra money that I could use for him, and to take care of him because he has has a stroke.
Moderator  : Got it.
P5: So he's not in a nursing home. He's at home, and I know I still can qualify.
Moderator  : Great thanks for explaining that to us. Have you ever interacted with the Va. For family member benefits before.
P5: Yes, all the time, you know.
P5: because I speak for my husband.
Moderator  : Okay.
Moderator  : Can you tell me a little bit more in your own words, what it means to you to be a veteran caregiver?
P5: Oh.
P5: as a spouse. Well, it's I don't really consider myself as a caregiver. I consider myself, I mean that's my husband, you know
P5: but I do bring them to the doctors. I do have them around the house. Yeah, I am a caregiver. I realize it. I do what it means to me is
P5: he took care of me for all his life. So it's not like I'm just not like I'm doing it for
P5: any gang. I'm doing it because that's my spouse.
Moderator  : Thank you for sharing that.
Moderator  : How would you like to learn about benefits like the program of comprehensive assistance of family caregivers?
P5: Say one more time.
Moderator  : How would you like to learn about benefits like the program
Moderator  : for comprehensive family caregivers?
P5: How, how would I like to learn, or how I know about the program?
Moderator  : How would you like to learn about it?
P5: It'd be nice because I do read all his documents either by mail or email, or possibly text text would be probably great. I can click a link and then go to it. That would probably be the best thing. Because I don't answer all the email, all the mail we get from home, you know.
P5: and I get the mail really for him to see it, too. But I would think if I would get it, I would like to have it by text stuff. Then I could click a link and go to it and read it.
Moderator  : Awesome. That's great feedback. Thank you for that.
Moderator  : And if you were completing a form to apply for caregiver benefits like the one we're going to go through today.
Moderator  : What information do you think you would need before completing the form.
P5: Besides, I have to know his name and everything. His name. What? What?
P5: what department of military he was in, so his personal id, you know, social security date of birth.
P5: Probably his doctor doctor, name, doctor information where it was diagnosed to, whether he living at home or a nursing home.
P5: What kind of medication he's on.
Moderator  : Okay, great, thank you.
Moderator  : Okay, so thank you for sharing that background. Now, we're going to change gears a bit and go through the form. I'm going to put a link in chat for you.
P5: Okay.
Moderator  : And if you could, please
Moderator  : open this up, if you want to close any other personal information you don't want to share, or you can just share this one tab as well. You're on a desktop.
P5: I see. I mean
P5: I am on my desktop, so I'll get rid of things because sometime I click
P5: button. Let's see.
Moderator  : Yeah, so, just.
P5: I don't want to click you out.
P5: Let me see.
P5: All right. You want to click here.
Moderator  : Yeah. And once that's open back in zoom, there should be like that share screen
Moderator  : icon at the bottom.
P5: Let me see. Here.
P5: touch screen. Let me see. I'm just trying to see which one it is.
P5: -Oh.
P5: let me see, is it this one? Nope, that's us!
Moderator  : Nope! I see me.
P5: No.
P5: give me a second. Here.
Moderator  : No worries. You're good.
P5: Share again. Let's try it again.
P5: Yeah, it's
P5: where it's down here.
P5: not this one.
P5: Hmm.
P5: I'm just trying to find you. I'm just trying to find you right now.
P5: Let me see it's not cost.
P5: Say it again.
Moderator  : Window disappeared.
P5: I'm here.
P5: Let me see. Hold on one second. Let me see this it. Okay, here you go.
P5: Okay. I think you should see it now.
P5: Yep.
Moderator  : I do?
Moderator  : Perfect. Okay.
Moderator  : so can you just review this page and tell me your initial thoughts and expectations of this form before going.
P5: What?
Moderator  : Forward, in applying.
P5: Well before I even kind of look at it. It's just telling me what is apply for the program. You know. Family caregivers.
P5: that's about it. I guess if I wanted to get more information before I even click that link
P5: to the bottom.
P5: Okay, check check my eligibility. Okay? So I guess I can go to the bottom there
P5: and see all I need, which I kind of sort of kind of show you that we need which.
P5: and that's what. Oh, if I have questions, too, I can always call for help if I have any questions or need help. I also seen this.
P5: I guess it's AI talk to veterans crisis line. Now, I don't know. Is that AI, or maybe that's they give me a phone number something.
P5: But I could talk to him.
P5: If I have any questions on going through something.
P5: And I can start my application. Tell you about how long it take you 15 min.
P5: I always call. That's the main thing. I always call between hours at 8 Am. 8 pm.
P5: Eastern Standard time. If I have any questions concerning the application, or I guess, any questions. Period.
Moderator  : Great is there anything, if anything, on this page that stands out as being really confusing or really helpful?
P5: I think, because I kinda know what it's about.
P5: It's easier for me. But just say, if I didn't know about the program I don't think confusing. I mean it changed you right here, I mean, before you even fill out the application. I know before I would fill the application. I would make sure I have everything I need, so I wouldn't have to be looking for it. So
P5: is self explanatory, or you want to gather this
P5: first, st you need to check to see if you qualify. So if you, your spouse, 65 plus, and
P5: he needs you to take care of them, whether it's a male or female.
P5: you can click this if you don't know, and it'll tell you how you qualify. Tell you about the documents. I mean, it's self-explanatory. I mean everything. And if you need more assistance, you just click whatever it's highlighted in blue. If you have any questions.
Moderator  : Great thanks for that feedback. So before we start, the application on a scale of one to 5, 1 being very poor and 5 being very well.
Moderator  : How prepared and informed do you feel about the application you're about to begin? Based on this page's content.
P5: I think 5. I think I'm well informed about it.
Moderator  : Okay.
Moderator  : is there a reason why you would give it that rating.
P5: I mean, because it's I well, me, I think my spouse would qualify for it.
Moderator  : Is that just?
Moderator  : Why would you say that just because of your experience previously.
P5: Because the condition his condition?
P5: he's at the age, I mean. If I didn't qualify, if he didn't qualify, I think something might be going on, but with all everything going on in his condition, I think he would probably qualify for that. How much I don't know. But you know.
P5: okay.
Moderator  : Great thanks for that feedback.
Moderator  : Okay? So now, I'd like you to start the form as if you were applying for the program.
Moderator  : Just reminder. This is our testing site. So you don't have to worry about the information you entered going in.
P5: No, I'm not. I don't really want to put his. I'm not gonna put his name, anyway.
Moderator  : Okay, yeah, I was gonna tell you to feel free to use fake information, and I'll prompt you with a fake social when we get there, too.
P5: Okay.
Moderator  : And then, as you're going through it, just remember to think aloud about any reactions or thoughts.
P5: Okay, okay.
P5: all right.
P5: I mean, he just asked me the information of.
P5: I've mixed a date up
P5: and I'll press. Continue.
P5: Okay, we're not gonna put no security number. I just put 9 9 or something.
Moderator  : Yeah, do, 3, 2, 1.
Moderator  : 4, 5,
Moderator  : 6, 7, 8, 9.
P5: Okay.
Moderator  : Catches those sequential fake ones.
P5: Right.
Moderator  : Haven't checked.
P5: What the address to use anything.
Moderator  : Yeah, you can go ahead and make up fake stuff if you don't.
P5: Okay.
Moderator  : What's in there. But
Moderator  : yeah, just kind of think aloud. If anything seems.
P5: I mean, it's
P5: it seemed right to me, you know.
P5: you're just filling out a regular like an application, in a sense.
P5: Oh, I don't know the address. Oh, here, gone!
P5: Okay.
P5: and I'll put the phone number in there.
P5: I guess that'll work
P5: and email
P5: -Oh.
P5: let me see.
Moderator  : I just keep thinking aloud as you.
Moderator  : Complete, this question.
P5: So it is helping me. It wanted to know where
P5: my husband goes.
P5: what va hospital he used to get care. I just put my zip code in the Zip code that we're in, and it located
P5: the closest
P5: veteran plan or health service
P5: that he goes to, and I just pick one of them.
P5: you know, and and I gotta have on there so they could find, even if we go to a different. That's 1 good thing about it. Even if we go to a different city or whatever. And he needs some kind of care, I can always
P5: It's an app we use, and you can find
P5: what hospital he can go to. So that's a good thing. So anyway, I could continue.
Moderator  : Yeah, is that how you prefer to search for Va facilities.
P5: Okay.
P5: yeah, it'd be easier. It's easy, you know, most of the time if we're going out of town. I already have it already in mind. You got to stay prepared, you know, so you know exactly. I wouldn't wait till I go out of town and say I got to find facility, no matter if we have plans of going, no matter where we go. I already have that taken care of. I know where the facility at. We try to get a hotel around that facility just in case something happened, or he needs some kind of medical care.
Moderator  : Got it. Thank you for sharing that. Can we pause on this page? And can you talk me through what this
Moderator  : content means to you? Here?
P5: What all is telling me is that this is a place where he get his medical attention from.
P5: so I guess they need to have record of that in case they need to get records from that clinic or veterans clinic.
P5: That's why they asked me that information.
P5: and they just want me to verify. You know this information is correct.
P5: where I get my support facility where my caregiver support facility is located at. So they just want me to. They know they want to know. Is this where I go for my support that I need, or whatever.
P5: or if I need have questions or something, and then this is a place he would go to the Pork Street, BA. Clinic.
P5: if he need to be treated, or where he gets his treatments from.
Moderator  : Thank you for explaining that for us.
Moderator  : So I guess, on a scale of one to 5, 1 being very poor and 5 being difficult. How would you rate this process here to choose a Va. Facility.
P5: You said, and one being what again?
Moderator  : Very difficult, and 5 being.
P5: 5. It's 5. I mean, it's it's using plain English. It's common sense. It's nothing hard. You just follow the directions. You know, they're not using no big words that nobody will understand like, what in the world are you talking about? I mean, everything is in plain, simple English, you know.
P5: This is the facility where your spouse go. This is the place that you need. You need some some kind of support, or some kind of
P5: or help fill out this application? Or, I mean, is this common? The only thing that's missing from here?
P5: Yeah.
P5: yeah. I'm looking at like for mine at the bottom, a caregiver support facility. It has the address on there and the name, but it doesn't have a phone number in case I, you know.
P5: Oh.
P5: no, that's great!
Moderator  : Thanks for that.
P5: Okay.
Moderator  : Okay? So yeah, you can
Moderator  : continue on unless there's anything else you want to add.
P5: I was looking. I was looking to see it. Now. It said, numbers right here. If you need help using this online application, call this the 4 1, 1, or the 800 number, which is 24, 7. So they open 24 h. Okay.
P5: that's good to know. But it would be nice to have a phone number right here, too.
Moderator  : Okay, great thanks for that feedback.
Moderator  : And as we're continuing on, what does the term primary caregiver mean?
P5: That's my husband's doctor. That's the main doctor he see for everything. Now, if his doctor tell him his primary care, doctor, tell me he needs a specialist. That's the person that will send us to a specialist. But right now his primary care giver, that's the one to see him all the time. He didn't want to make appointments like. Oh, I need him to go here. Need to go here.
P5: I still want to give him his medication.
Moderator  : Okay?
Moderator  : And let's go through a scenario where you want to add a primary family caregiver on this application. So if you could go through the next few steps, and just think aloud about your thought process. That'd be great.
P5: Okay, would you like to apply for benefits for a primary family caregiver? And that would be yes.
P5: oh, I was reading this. I thought it'd be primary care, doctor, that's me.
P5: Okay.
P5: so I will pick. Yes, because I am the primary family caregiver.
P5: I know, would be, I guess, if he would be applying for himself. I don't know, I guess
P5: so I will put my name.
P5: I use my first.st
P5: No.
P5: And
P5: can I do that?
P5: It asked you about my sexuality at birth.
P5: primary care, relationship to the veteran. I'll be the spouse. So I click this all that is common sense. Just oh.
P5: My name! If I want to put a middle name, I ain't putting it, it's not required. This is required for my last name. This would be a no-no. So I just guess I leave that blank.
P5: my date of birth.
P5: Female. How am I related to relationship to the veteran? All this is just common sense for me to fill out
P5: nothing hard to do.
P5: I'm not quite sure why it's like they don't have nothing to say, none, you know
P5: so, but hopefully, that don't stop me. It's not red, so I don't think it will stop me.
Moderator  : Okay.
P5: So.
Moderator  : Gone through that.
P5: So I put I'm the spouse, so I will. After looking at examine it. It goes. I fill up to the best of my ability.
P5: I will click. Continue.
P5: Okay, when I get here.
P5: This would be my husband, my veteran who I took care of that would be his.
P5: Let me see primary family caregiver identification. We recommend providing the caregiver, social security or tax identification. Oh, that's mine. They won't ask questions about that now. Why do you need mine.
P5: But we need some. Okay, he goes to answer. But we need this information in order for them to receive certain benefits like monthly payments or travel lodging financials. And when traveling with the veteran to receive care. Okay, that's why that's why I wanted. Okay, they they answer me.
P5: So that's what they asked, Okay.
P5: do do.
P5: Oh, oh, they didn't say if I need space or not.
Moderator  : 4, 4,
Moderator  : oh.
P5: I think that's how many numbers being security. Okay?
P5: Oh, if it goes through.
P5: That's it. Okay. If I was kind of wondering, because, you know, people are kind of funny, you know, like, when you need my security number, what you need my security number for. I'm not the person that's a veteran. It's my husband. But
P5: so
P5: they need your information. Because, I answered, I asked my own question. I answered.
P5: this is why they need it, because they need to know. Let me see.
P5: in order for them to receive certain benefits, like monthly payments or traveling logic and financial assistance traveling. It don't really tell me why they need it, though.
P5: even if it sounds like they're gonna put it in my name instead of my husband's name, I will assume.
P5: But it's not stated on there.
P5: and I still kind of even though I said we need this information in order for them to receive certain benefits. It still didn't tell me why
P5: it's like.
P5: even though the application is for him.
P5: In a sense, I'm kind of reply applying for it, because now they need my information so they could. I don't see how why they need my security number, though
P5: monthly payments are travel, I mean, they're saying, because monthly payments are travel. That's not telling me why they need it. They're just saying
P5: we need you to. We need your information.
P5: that's strange. But okay, we'll go with it. I put my social security number in Bam. There you
P5: and I press continue, but I can always call this number and ask him.
Moderator  : Thank you for talking through that so well, it's really helpful for us to hear.
Moderator  : Oh, it flagged it because it's sequential. So maybe change the last 2 to 3, 4.
P5: Oh.
P5: okay.
P5: okay, this is very home. Use the same address as a veteran. You're talking about me. Yes, that's it. That's it.
P5: All I had to do is click here. That's I mean, that's self-explanatory before they want to know do we live in the same house? Hold?
P5: And of course we do, so I'll just click.
P5: click this one here, and it'll populate all everything. My address, city, state, zip code.
P5: the county. And if I put. If I press this and say why we need this.
P5: it helps the caregiver support team, connect caregivers with community resources that offer supported programs and services. Okay? So that's for me.
P5: you see. So they have a support team.
P5: helps the caregiver support team connect characters with connect. So I'm not sure if they connect. They connect me with supportive program and services that could help me while taking care of my spouse is the reason why they want to account your county, because they can connect me. Apparently they'll connect with everything in my area that could help me take better care of my spouse or my veteran caregiver.
P5: So is the primary family caregiver mailing address the same as their home address. Yes, so simple expenditure, nothing hard. They didn't use no big words. Anybody could answer these questions.
P5: it's just common sense. It went from A to B, so after examining this here
P5: everything is listed. Everything is okay. I'm gonna go ahead and press, continue.
P5: And then here I'm here.
P5: Primary family caregiver contact information
P5: the email is optional. But it helps us contact them fast. I do like email.
P5: We always let a caregiver a copy of our decision on the application for their records.
P5: So of course, they're saying this year is mandatory. So I have to put my phone number.
P5: And
P5: if I have an extra number which I don't, I'm gonna skip that one because this is not needed. And
P5: I put in my email because I prefer them to contact me by email. But according to this, they're going, even though they'll send me information by email, I'll still get a paper copy.
P5: and they're able to contact me faster if I use my email. So
P5: when this decision is made, or well about any additional information by them sending me an email saying, Well, ma'am, you're missing this, are you missing that? Or we need some more information that email will be quicker, because by the time they send it to me, even though they say they're going to send it to you by mail, too.
P5: According to this. We always mail the carrier a copy of our decision on the application for their for their records.
P5: They figure they're gonna tell me I ain't approve, they rather do it faster.
P5: So
P5: yeah.
P5: so that's about it. So
P5: awesome. Thank you.
Moderator  : Talking through all that. It's very helpful to hear.
P5: I'm
P5: okay. So the next thing I would go to
P5: you can use the application to apply for benefit for secondary family.
Moderator  : Yeah. Pausing. Here.
P5: That's all.
Moderator  : Very caregiver.
P5: Okay, okay, okay. So in case, maybe it's 2 of us. It's me and his mom or me and his sister or me and his brother.
P5: so
P5: if certain things I can't do, I'll let Charles do it for me. Charles, can you say
P5: my husband, take your brother to his doctor's office, or whatever. So sometimes he take him to the doctor's office.
P5: so it only be right if if there was benefits that was given.
P5: and if you take them
P5: twice a week, and I take 3 times a week, he still he still should have an option to give him some kind of support, because taking him to a doctor, taking from to get groceries all that costs.
P5: So that's what that is.
Moderator  : Awesome thanks for that explanation you touched on a little bit. But how else do you think the secondary caregiver role differs from process and benefits from the primary.
P5: Well, he's not the
P5: the caregiver. 9, a hundred percent of the time or 90% of the time. He's only there, maybe 15% or 10%. So
P5: And I think he probably couldn't qualify if he only that 5% or 10% are as needed. If he was bringing him to the doctor once a month.
P5: does he still qualify as secondary family caregiver.
P5: you know, and if I need a question answer, I can always click here.
P5: you know.
P5: family caregivers are approved and designed by Va as primary family caregivers, secondary caregivers to provide personal care systems, personal care services
P5: serves as backup when I can't do it, or maybe I'm sick.
P5: and they let you know who can. Who can be it?
P5: Anybody can. That's basically, anybody can, you know, friend, relative, neighbor.
P5: So, yeah.
Moderator  : Awesome thanks for talking through that. Now, I'd like you to continue like you're adding a secondary condition or secondary caregiver to this form.
P5: So I would press continue
P5: so. His name is Mike.
P5: Oh.
P5: or he's in. He's not that
P5: I guess. Out his birthday, same as everybody else.
P5: that's it.
P5: Can you explain.
Moderator  : Explain to me how you would gather some of this information if you were filling this out for real.
P5: But I would not have that information I would have. The only thing I would have is his name and his his 1st and last name. Now, my spouse.
P5: you could tell me, when is your brother born? What's the date and year he was born? I could put him on there, but I probably would contact him to see if he want me to add him. I'm not going to add nobody, if they don't want me to add him.
P5: Got it.
Moderator  : For talking through that.
P5: so. But anyway, just say he he wanted me to add him, or maybe maybe my husband gave me his information, so they didn't ask for a social security number, either, if you look. And they didn't ask, I don't see no social security number on there. So I would have him. Okay, of course, mail and it would be his brother here.
P5: So I'm looking. I'll look over it. Okay, that's him.
P5: When he was born. He's a male. He's a he's a brother. Didn't ask for social security number, so I will go ahead and press. Continue.
P5: Okay. Now he would have to give me that information.
P5: You'll say he I call him and say, Oh, I'm putting your name down as a family caregiver.
P5: I think they may give you some kind of reimbursement from bringing your brother to the doctors when I can't, bringing him to his apartments when I can't.
P5: But they need your. They need your information need your Id or your social security number, you know.
P5: So I would have to call him for that information. Just say, he said, okay, yeah, sure. Put my name down.
Moderator  : So if you were completing this online form for real, you would coordinate
Moderator  : getting that information.
P5: Oh, definitely, yes, I want to 1st ask him, you know, before I can get anything. You know, I want to put you down there, because they might give you some kind of reimbursement for bringing your brother, I mean, if he happened to be at the house because he comes to his house to see his brother all the time. It just all depends. If he's at the house or swimming by the house. I want to ask you something, you know.
P5: something like that, or I'll make you just call them.
P5: I'll send. I'll send them a text.
P5: you know.
Moderator  : Would you rather sit down and complete this form together?
Moderator  : It.
P5: Just all depend. Not really. I don't really need unless they ask me something else, you know.
P5: But it's not really asking me too much information. I think I would need to either talk to him in person or talk to him on the phone and just ask him, you know.
P5: you know and and let them know that now they're gonna need your social security number, because, you know, some people don't want to get a social security number.
P5: So I would kind of, yeah, I would kind of see what he say. You know it. Would you think it okay for me to have your social security number or or whatever
P5: you know.
P5: and I have to let them know they're not pulling. They're not doing your credit background check, or whatever they just need this information. So if they need to, they want to send a payment to you still don't really need to know why, though.
P5: because everyone sent a payment to him. All they really need is his name.
P5: I don't know.
Moderator  : Yeah.
P5: But I cause. I know I would have to have a reason. I can just tell them that I have to have a reason why they need the social security number.
P5: and having something like for receive certain benefits like money payment, is not telling me why they need his social security number.
P5: So I have to find out why, exactly like they need a social security number for a payment process or something. I need something better than
P5: for money payments, you know.
Moderator  : Got it. Thanks for that feedback. It's really helpful.
P5: Helpful.
P5: Okay, well, his home is not ours, but we're gonna say it is.
P5: So I just click that if it wasn't our home, then I wouldn't click this. I would type it in his address.
P5: city and State
P5: zip code. And it's just do that. Yeah.
P5: so it won't be the same.
Moderator  : Is that another area you need help coordinating this information? Would you need to reach out.
P5: I would I would, because I don't know his address.
P5: Yeah, I would need. I mean, I know exactly what he I know he's saying he's in Texas, but you know. But what else? You know
P5: it is a secondary affirmative. Caregiver's mailing address, the same as at home. Yes.
P5: all right. So here we go. This is his Address Street address. I assume I can just put apartment number 64 R.
P5: In Houston, Texas.
P5: his Zip code.
P5: His county.
P5: and they asked me, is the secondary family is the same as their home? Yes, it is
P5: so. I will press continue, make sure it's nothing at the bottom.
P5: All right. Now. They need his phone number and email. Oh, he would have to. Oh, this might be something that he might have to do in front of me, because down I didn't know how deep you're gonna go. That's down. They asked me for his phone number
P5: and his email.
P5: So
P5: all right, he don't have a secondary number. And his email.
P5: Oh, I missed something
P5: 345-67-8910.
P5: Alright. So he got. He's. I think he would have to be with me now, because they're getting a little bit deeper, or I have to keep him on phone. Stay online with Mattel, fill his application out because he might ask something else. So don't hang up, you know. That's probably what I would tell him.
P5: So they asked me for his phone number.
P5: the email provided calculator email address, option really helps us contact them faster. So
P5: I assume, since they need both of us
P5: when they make a decision, we'll get the same email.
P5: And I'm not quite sure he'll get the email, too, or get the email only concerning if he been approved.
P5: And I'll get the email. I think that's probably what it would be. I'll get an email saying that if I was approved and how much whatever I would be getting or whatever.
P5: And then he'll get an email
P5: stating how much how much, if he's awarded. If he's approved or not. I don't think he gonna get mine, and I won't get his. He'll he'll know if they approve him. I don't know if they'll approve me, but I don't think I don't think
P5: they'll let me know if he been approved. Now, when a final letter come in because it's gonna be a letter in the email, I mean in the address, then, I think, but it probably in my spouse name. Maybe I don't know. Then they'll let us know just to
P5: confirm that if I was approved or not.
P5: maybe.
P5: and they'll put and they'll put his name on there if he was approved.
P5: But that'd be an email that's probably sent to my spouse.
P5: But anyway, I put my his brother, his brother, naming in his information.
P5: do you want to apply for benefits for another second year, or a 3rd person.
Moderator  : Yeah, we don't have to add one for this form. But
Moderator  : would you potentially see adding 2 secondary caregivers? Or what are your thoughts on that.
P5: The only way I would add to. If I was I had a lot of appointments. I could be able to do it
P5: and possibly if his children was around or lived with me, then I would probably add both of them, you know. But
P5: something like this, if I. It all depends if I'm able to do it if I had like, I said, if I was sick and I had a lot of doctor's appointment too. Then I would need that second, maybe that second secondary person. But if
P5: I'm okay and I mostly focus on him and I'll go to the doctor. Even I go to the doctor for myself, but he has more appointments than me, and I don't have a problem with bringing him, and I could drive. I don't think I would need a secondary secondary to the secondary person.
Moderator  : Got it. Thanks for explaining that it's really helpful.
P5: So I would click. No, I don't. We only need that. And then we go to the next one.
Moderator  : Yeah, so let me.
P5: Yes.
Moderator  : Page just in your own words. Describe what this page is asking and what it means for you.
P5: Well, right now it's asking for the application signature, so I
P5: not quite sure if I'ma fill it out, sign it and and Marco sign it, too.
P5: Or it's just for me to sign his brother sign, or I sign.
P5: Okay, here you go. It's telling me it's telling me now. So
P5: I'm the representative with legal authority sign on behalf of the veteran. That's the one I would pick.
Moderator  : So you are a legal representative.
P5: okay.
Moderator  : So in your own words, what would you expect to happen next?
P5: It should ask. I would after I click this. It should let me know on here, if
P5: on the next page what I need to submit.
P5: or how to submit. Something, or your application has been has went through you.
P5: Please send these documents or cause they didn't ask me nothing about the doctor, none of that stuff. So I'm assuming that they would ask for that information to send either send in and I'll send it by email. Send it probably have an address for me to send it in, or some kind of link. I go to
P5: to load these documents on my computer and then automatic, send it to them.
P5: So I will click. I am a representative with legal authority sign on behalf of the veteran and click that. And here we go.
P5: There you go right here.
P5: upload my supporting documents. So there's a place for me to upload this even. Tell me how to upload.
P5: So I'll upload it to my computer first, st or whether I take a picture or whatever. So I since I already
P5: I need to submit this about power attorney
P5: r
P5: legal guardianship or
P5: any of these things here. And
P5: they didn't ask me, though.
P5: Okay, they only asked me this 1st to make sure that I do have the power of attorney to sign for my spouse.
P5: That's why they asked me that. So I upload that first.st So they didn't ask me about the doctor's appointment I mean the doctor paper, or his military papers, or anything else. 1st thing before they can do anything else I need to upload my power attorney paper, or my legal guardianship paper, or another type of legal document that states I am.
P5: I take care of my husband financial assistance financial needs. I'm the historian. So until I get that uploaded
P5: they are not going to want nothing else. They ain't gonna come on no doctor's paper. They're not going to want nothing else until I can prove who I am.
P5: Basically, that's what it is.
Moderator  : Got it. Thank you. That's great feedback. So to complete this, if you have
Moderator  : an image or anything, you can upload, it won't go anywhere being our staging site, or we can kind of go backwards.
Moderator  : Do you have something you could upload to try.
P5: No, I don't have anything. Okay.
P5: It was awesome.
Moderator  : Scroll down
Moderator  : and go back.
P5: Okay.
Moderator  : And then to keep going through the form. Since we don't have anything you'll have. Oh, continue one more.
P5: Okay. Oh.
Moderator  : Continue, button.
P5: Is this? He was going back.
Moderator  : Nope go forward. Sorry.
P5: Okay.
Moderator  : Continue.
Moderator  : Continue again.
Moderator  : One more.
Moderator  : And now, since you don't have a document to upload, we're going to switch it to. I'm the vet.
P5: I'm a veteran. Okay?
Moderator  : So we can kind of bypass that.
P5: Okay.
Moderator  : But you had uploaded your Pdf, you said it was pretty explanatory.
P5: So all you just reviewing this, please review is able to review these make sure, I, I got the right information maybe, I put down my, the
P5: what are the numbers? My phone was wrong. They just want you to verify. So I probably go back just to make sure everything, because I know if I upload this and something is missing, it's gonna take a while for them, you know, to go through it and say, oh, you're missing something else, and that's couldn't delay it. That would delay it
P5: so.
Moderator  : Awesome. So if you did see something you entered by mistake, can you show me how you'd go about correcting that.
P5: Well, I was like, just say, if I was
P5: oh, I should have put my second number on there, or my job number. Then I would go here
P5: and
P5: see where the phone number at right here. I want to add this phone number in. So I'll just go to edit
P5: and like, Oh, man, I should add this number here, let me go ahead and add it.
P5: So I'm like, Okay, now, I want to edit a number, because just in case they can't get in contact with me. -Oh.
P5: where's the number 3?
P5: I see 7, 8, 9,
P5: just in case they can't get in contact with me. Now they got a second number. They can call. They can call me on a second number. So, yeah, okay.
P5: so here we go.
P5: So okay, I this is what I wanted to add. I see it's already there. So I'm good. Now, you know. Of course I'll that's just me.
P5: but how do I close it out?
P5: Give me a second. Here, let me make sure.
P5: because if I want to go through everything, how I go back to that screen. Let me see.
P5: Application signature, secondary family caregiver, applicant information. Just checking his make sure he is okay. Okay. Yep. That's his brother. Phone number. Good his apartment. So all that is good.
P5: I think that's it.
P5: Then I will go to let me see application signature.
P5: Okay, I'm the veteran signing for myself.
P5: and I pick up every night.
P5: Jacksonville. I guess I don't know.
P5: Then I click here. Everything is true. -Oh, Jack Williams, I forgot his name.
P5: Yeah, sure.
Moderator  : Going through this last part. What's your comfort level of filling out and signing this information? If all the people weren't present.
P5: If I was present. I mean it's fine. I mean, it didn't take long at all. I mean it was fast, and you know, when you do an application you don't want to have to be like, oh, my God, it's gonna take me an hour to finish this. You want to be able to do it and be done with it, and
P5: go on with your life.
P5: And I think I think that's what it is. I mean, as long as you know that information. Now, the only thing I didn't care for about was that I thought they was. Gonna ask me
P5: like his doctor name, or or you know, other information like that. I need to upload that. But I guess they want me to.
P5: didn't ask me on it. I don't know why, so I don't know.
Moderator  : Yeah, Kita, you're thinking a little bit
Moderator  : more on that topic.
P5: Yeah, because I would think, now, how do I qualify? How my spouse qualify? I need to show them some kind of proof that saying he had had a stroke. He I'm his primary care person.
P5: I'm the person to bring him to the doctor.
P5: Some kind of statement from his not not really statement from his doctor, but his Daca. Daca records something, you know.
Moderator  : That's great feedback. Thank you.
Moderator  : Okay. So if you can finish scrolling and going through this page and let me know if you have any other thoughts. We won't actually be submitting
Moderator  : this application today. Since we're in our test environment, it won't go through.
P5: Right. So it's just saying that of course I'm doing it for my husband. So now I'm the husband. So he saw he looking at it, reading it, reading everything.
P5: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Hold on! Who signed this part.
P5: Okay, so his name is here. So he signed this here
P5: and primary family care give an applicant statement of truth. So now this is for me. I forgot my name I used so
P5: so this one is for me.
P5: and I put down. Okay, did I? I test that our knowledge and yep for any payment of a ham? The results in
P5: veterans as recently participated as such as veterans is involved in my payment, related activity. I agree to perform personal care service as a family.
P5: I mean, if you're a caregiver for the very name of this application.
P5: saying that this participation in Pcaf does not create an employment ratio between me and the Department of Veterans Affairs. It's just for my spouse and provide some kind of financial services for me, taking care of my spouse.
P5: That's basically what it's saying.
P5: And of course I wanted to read more. I click this button here or take me to another website, as you probably can't see. But it's privacy, policy and legal information. So that's where I went.
P5: So okay, all that is true. And I think and I just put my name here. I think I put down Stephanie.
P5: I don't know the last name I use.
P5: Oh.
P5: and
P5: I certified, that's true. Stephanie Williams is the name I use.
P5: which is a good thing, because this case
P5: I put down the wrong. Oh, I forgot, or I missed the tapping fast. I missed putting another L in my name, you know.
P5: or the S. So it lets, you know. Like if I miss a L.
P5: see, it lets, you know. Oh, that's not the name you put. So you see that how they got my name here.
P5: so I'll go down here. Oh, man, I was talking too fast. I missed from putting the other. L. Hold on!
P5: I'm missing.
P5: I'm missing vanilla Ello, WILL. IEMS. Yes.
P5: So I missed putting the L. In or the S. In. Okay, I got it now, so I go through it.
P5: I certify. The information above is correct and true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
P5: and all that's talking about me.
P5: I agree before news. Yes, yes.
P5: and this would be oh, he need to be here now.
P5: so
P5: I would put his. I think I call him mark. I guess I forgot his name I use, and then he would. Mike Moore.
Moderator  : So you were okay with kind of doing this on the phone.
P5: Yes.
Moderator  : This point.
P5: Yes, yes, and doesn't look like he need to sign it in a way
P5: I just need his name.
Moderator  : Okay, does that change how you feel about completely.
P5: And I need to what I would tell him. I need to stay on the phone until I fill out this application.
Moderator  : Okay.
P5: You know.
Moderator  : That's helpful thanks for providing that.
Moderator  : Okay.
Moderator  : And now I'm gonna share another link with you in chat real quick. That's.
P5: Let me close.
Moderator  : Of the Confirmation page that we won't submit. So it's just a design prototype link.
Moderator  : You should be able to open it in the same place.
P5: Okay. Let me see.
Moderator  : If you
Moderator  : have any issues I could screen share. But.
P5: And just tap.
Moderator  : Awesome.
P5: -Oh.
P5: did I? Did you see it? Are you in here? Okay.
Moderator  : Yep, it's loading. It looked like it just took a minute.
P5: Okay.
Moderator  : So, yeah, if you could
Moderator  : walk through this page and describe to me in your own words what this page is telling you, what happened, and what will come next in the process.
P5: Okay, so apparently I already signed up. I submitted my application in oh, my husband submitted his application for the company's assistant for family caregivers.
P5: they let me know it went through.
P5: They would have on here say it says your submission information. Who submitted this form?
P5: I would have a confirmation number, which is good thing, because I can always call them up that confirmation number and
P5: Oh, I could print the Confirmation number, so I need that to go back and like if I have questions like it's been 3 months. I haven't heard anything. My my number is confirmation number is 4, 3, 2 9. They can look it up without them trying to dig. It's easier convenient for both of us, or
P5: I should be able to.
P5: look online and put that number in. I don't know that'd be good, too.
P5: So
P5: what to expect.
P5: All right, caregiver, support team receive care plans with the tech. The veteran and caregivers to discuss application eligibility.
P5: So somebody will be contacting us by either email within 24 HA good thing that'd be fast
P5: if you didn't give us a email, we'll contact you by phone or mail which could take days. But email is quick story. So I fill this application out today I would say no more than tomorrow, maybe the next day I should have some kind of email whether I'm
P5: either approve of my eligibility. What I approve for, or if I'm was not approved, they're gonna let me know one way or the other. I'm gonna find out.
P5: I'll find out.
Moderator  : Got it. Thanks for that feedback.
Moderator  : Is there anything else on this page? Or if.
P5: If I have questions
P5: there's a number right here.
P5: Oh, let me know. If if your application is denied.
P5: we'll send you a letter with the reason why we did not.
P5: Oh, okay, I like this part. If we disagree, disagree with the decision, I can appeal or request a review of my application of the decision.
P5: in other words, and they can find out why I needed more information. Because just saying I didn't approve is not wasn't approved is not helping me. Why I was improved, or I need somebody to look
P5: further into this application. Review this application again, because I don't think the decision was right. So you have a I have a choice that I can get somebody to review it, appeal it, knowing that I believe I qualify for my spouse qualified for it.
Moderator  : Great. That's really helpful. Feedback.
Moderator  : Okay?
Moderator  : So I've
Moderator  : there's no other feedback you have on this screen. We just have a couple follow up questions to ask. Okay.
P5: Okay.
Moderator  : Okay. So if you were applying for this program for for real, what research would you do before completing a form like this?
P5: I'll probably just go go to the same website I was on, and just just reading about it
P5: reading, getting more information. Same website, I went on,
P5: not the caregiver decision reviews or appeals. But when I 1st got there 1st website, I think it was this one here, let me see
P5: the 1st one, did you? That went to? You know? It tells me about the program, you know. I want to know what is this program, you know. So maybe
P5: let me see a flower program.
P5: Probably this here apply for program accompany's assistance for family caregiver. I probably go here because once I click here, then it would take me to the website. That's saying what this program is, what it's about. Just like I was saying, it was saying, you have to have this. You gotta be 65 older, or some kind of disability.
P5: And who could apply for you? Are you applying for yourself, or is somebody power attorney over you? That's doing it. So let me know. And
P5: if
P5: I qualify, you have questions on that, what it takes to qualify. So I will read that first.st I want to make sure I my husband's qualified. I qualify for this program. He qualified for it.
P5: and what it takes to qualify and what all information that you need to qualify for the program
P5: before I even apply, I'm not gonna apply for nothing. I don't think I'm gonna get.
Moderator  : Thank you for that feedback. So what are your thoughts on the amount of information provided within the form? Do you think it was too much just enough.
P5: No one thing. One thing they don't tell you is what you qualify for. They'll even give you a a run about money, you know they don't let you know.
P5: you can get up to X amount. I don't see that I mean, I don't see. I mean, if they saying I get $5 each time I bring my husband, I mean, sometimes it's not just worth it. I'm giving you my security number. I give you all my information. That is, it'll be very disappointing when you give all the information. You didn't give your information. You gave your brother-in-law information, and you still don't qualify, you know.
P5: so I would read all about to see what are my chances on on getting approved or my spouse getting approved for this
P5: program
P5: before I even put down, take away from my time to fill out an application that I probably not qualify for. Is it based on my income or based on my spouse income, you know. I didn't see that either.
Moderator  : Great that's really helpful feedback. Is there anything else that you would like to add
Moderator  : about kind of the information, or how who qualifies for a primary or secondary caregiver.
P5: I just was very curious about I just need to know, 1st of all, why they need my security number.
P5: I need my brother's security number, and I like to see
P5: what are the chances? Is it based on the amount based on my income or my spouse income or combined income.
P5: or it just didn't don't matter. So I'm just curious, you know who I'm not gonna apply for a program that I know is only going. I'm gonna get $20 a month.
P5: you know. I gave you all my information so it'd be good to know, like how much they can give me a round about figure we we give between $50. Is it monthly? It? Would it be month? I assume it'd be monthly, you know.
P5: I don't know. Is it because it didn't tell me it doesn't have anywhere? Maybe if I would dig a little bit more, maybe I could find out, you know.
P5: Would it be a monthly basis, or each time I bring my spouse to to go to the doctor, where we have to go out of town or we go. We have to stay at a hotel.
P5: Do I pay for it upfront, and then send it. Send that receipt whatever back to them, or to whoever, and I get reimbursed for that. So that's that. I don't know.
Moderator  : Got it. That's really helpful. Feedback. Thank you for explaining that.
Moderator  : Okay, well, that is all we have today. So I just wanna circle back and reconfirm. Are you comfortable if we decide to share a short video clip with our Va partners.
P5: Yes, I'm very comfortable. Thank you. Okay.
Moderator  : And yeah, we'll remove any identifying information just to reiterate that. So yeah, that's it. We really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us today, and your feedback is really helpful as we continue to iterate the site and hope it works better for veterans and caregivers, too.
P5: Alright. Well, thank you so much. You have a great day bye, bye.
Moderator  : Perry. Jean will be sending you a thank you. Note with a little blurb. You can pass along to anyone else. So thank you again.
P5: Alright! Alright, thank you. Have a great day bye, bye.
Moderator  : You too, bye.